From an old CVS repository, this is the scripting aspect of Favor the Bold,
an expansion for Bridge Commander based on the ships created by the team
responsible for the Sacrifice of Angels mod for the original Homeworld.

The ships, which were the work of the TrekMods team of which this author was
a part, are not included, as they were created by the other members.

I (Daniel Rollings AKA Daniel Houghton AKA Dasher42) authored the Foundation
Plugin System, which this is based on.  This project tried hard to work around
limitations of the engine to implement new game mechanics and better AI
management of power levels.

However, this mod was successful at creating a highly balanced set of
hardpoints, along with standardized sets of weapons with interesting
effects.  The torpedo spreads the Galaxy and Sovereign class could launch
were truly formidable.

The ship's stats were automatically set by tools based on those used to
balance Sacrifice of Angels, adjusted for Bridge Commander mechanics.

The weapons HUDs, too, were automatically laid out according to the
positions of the hardpoints.

There was experimentation with a multiplayer mode, and with making the
hardpoints single-player compatible.  This had a number of interesting
effects:  Romulan D'deridex warbirds were more devastating at point-blank
range.  Klingon B'rel warbirds did not have a chance in the single-player
scenarios against them.  They were replaced with the K'vort class - which
the Trekmods team members had fleshed out as distinct from the B'rel with
great attention to detail.

This mod didn't achieve a full release, because its ship set was made for
lower polygon counts which behaved strangely in Bridge Commander, and
because of ambition exceeding available time from volunteers.

It is here for reference and amusement.

LICENSING

All scripts and assets derived from Bridge Commander's SDK release fall
under Activision's copyright and license.  All scripts by Dasher42, or based
on Dasher42's Foundation Plugin System, are under the LGPL 2.0.  All artwork
is copyright the Trekmods.com team.

